Convert Int to Long (#1)
secretlocation/AndroidAsync: README.md

# AndroidAsync

### Vusr Notes

>   * Only pull request to secretlocation/vusr-ion on vusr/master branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Only pull request to [Vusr-AndroidAsync Repo](https://github.com/secretlocation/AndroidAsync) on `vusr/master` branch
```
